Hello Zhao Zhaochun
Sorry, I accidentally pressed the wrong button.
I seem to have heard this voice before, Mom.
Excuse me.
I'll tell you what you're doing.
Why does his voice sound so familiar?
Honey, you got it.
You have a man
How dare you call me for cheating?
No no he is humming
I told you not to call me that
How old am I?
My sister will always be my treasure
Alright Yunyao
If you want a divorce, you have to get the property
Otherwise, you can ask Zhao Tingchuan to come the day after tomorrow.
You only have these two options
Or I'll die for you to see
Get him to sign the agreement as soon as possible
I'll go find him early tomorrow morning
The thought of him actually working in a story
Does Mr. Gu know?
Mr. Guo
I have read the agreement
You don't have to ask for instructions again
I went directly to him to sign
I'm here to find Mr. Gu